refactor(curriculum): update calorie counter project steps 1 - 37 (#54231)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-form-validation-by-building-a-calorie-counter/63bf47fd40599f29827f484d.md

---
id: 63bf47fd40599f29827f484d
title: Step 20
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

> The pattern you currently have will match the exact text `"hello"`, which is not what you want to match. You want to look for `+`, `-`, or spaces. Replace the pattern in your `regex` variable with `\+-` to look for plus and minus characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current pattern will match the exact text `"hello"`, which is not the desired behavior. Instead, you want to search for `+`, `-`, or spaces. Replace the pattern in your `regex` variable with `\+-` to match plus and minus characters.
```

> Note that you need to use the `backslash` `\` character to <dfn>escape</dfn> the `+`, because a `+` has a special meaning in regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you need to use the `backslash` `\` character to <dfn>escape</dfn> the `+` symbol because it has a special meaning in regular expressions.
```
